-Hit it!
-♪ Yeah, yeah! ♪
♪ It takes two to make
a thing go right ♪
♪ Yeah,
yeah! ♪
-♪ It takes two
to make it outta sight ♪
-♪ Hit it ♪
♪ I wanna rock right now ♪
♪ I'’m Rob Base
and I came to get down ♪
♪ I'’m not
internationally
known ♪
♪ But I'’m known
to rock a microphone ♪
♪ Because I get stupid ♪
♪ I mean outrageous ♪
♪ Stay away
from me ♪
♪ If you'’re
contagious ♪
♪ Ladies love me,
girls adore me ♪
♪ I mean even the ones
who never saw me ♪
♪ Like one,
two, three,
get loose now ♪
-♪ It takes two ♪
-[crowd cheering]
-♪ It takes two,
it takes two, it takes two ♪
-[crowd cheering]
What up,  LSB fam?
Oh my gosh.
Are you ready
for this battle?
Are we ready?
They are so ready.
Okay, so I have to bring out
the head of this house,
the master on the mic,
the one, the only,
LL Cool J!
♪ ♪
♪ They call me Big L'’y ♪
♪ Big silly ♪
♪ Big money ♪
♪ Big Billy ♪
♪ When I'’m sliding in them
all, can ya hear me? ♪
Put your hands up!
Bounce, bounce, bounce.
Lemme hear
you say, "Yeah!"
-Crowd: Yeah!
-Now scream!
[crowd screams]
She'’s impeccable.
She'’s delectable.
-She'’s Chrissy Teigen.
-[cheering]
Welcome to  Lip Sync Battle.
You know what it is.
It'’s a show that features
your favorite stars
rocking out
to the biggest hits.
Now we'’re gonna
ensure that you guys have
an absolute great time today.
-Are you ready?
-[cheering]
-Let'’s get this show kicked off!
-[rock music plays]
They'’re the hottest girl group
on the planet!
They sold millions
of records world-wide
with certified bangers
like "Work From Home"
and "Down."
Put your hands together
for Normani, Lauren,
Ally, and Dinah,
the dynamic ladies
of Fifth Harmony!
[crowd cheering]
Woo!
-Ladies, welcome
to  Lip Sync Battle.
-Women: Thank you.
-Thank you so much.
-All right, so the world
is ready to witness
this mega throwdown,
so, ladies, make your way
to the VIP
so we can get started.
Right over there.
Well, first up is
the New Orleans native, Normani.
And even though
she'’s always down
for her girls,
this is a battle,
and she'’s ready
to show out.
[rock music plays]
In this song,
I remember being a little girl
in my grandmother'’s living room.
I love it.
Oh my god. Wow.
This is iconic.
This is amazing.
If I had to say one thing
to the rest of the girls,
"Game... on."
Women:
Hey!
-Are you excited for tonight?
-Yeah, are you ready to lose?
-Oh.
-I'’m sorry.
I had to go there.
Ooh! That came out.
No losers are allowed
in this room.
-[laughing]
-Get out. No losers.
-Go-- go bother the others.
-We'’ll see who the loser is.
[crowd cheering]
[Bootylicious playing]
♪ Kelly, can you handle this? ♪
♪ Michelle,
can you handle this? ♪
♪ Beyoncé, can you
handle this? ♪
♪ I don'’t think
they can handle this ♪
♪ Barely move,
we'’ve arrived ♪
♪ Lookin'’ sexy, lookin' fly ♪
♪ Baddest chick,
chick inside ♪
♪ There you are,
come on, baby ♪
♪ Don'’t you wanna
dance with me? ♪
♪ Can you handle,
handle me? ♪
♪ You gotta do much better
if you gone dance
with me tonight ♪
♪ Read my lips carefully,
if you like what you see ♪
♪ Hook up your seat belt,
it'’s time for takeoff ♪
♪ I don'’t think
you ready for this jelly ♪
♪ I don'’t think you ready
for this jelly ♪
♪ I don'’t think
you ready for this ♪
♪ '’Cause my body
too bootylicious
for you, babe ♪
♪ Baby, can you handle this?
Baby, can you handle this? ♪
I don'’t think you can
handle this! ♪
[vocalizing]
Oh my gosh!
♪ I don'’t think
you ready for this jelly ♪
♪ I don'’t think you ready
for this jelly ♪
♪ I don'’t think
you ready for this ♪
♪ '’Cause my body
too bootylicious
for you, babe ♪
♪ I don'’t think
you ready for this jelly ♪
♪ I don'’t think you ready
for this jelly ♪
♪ I don'’t think
you ready for this ♪
♪ '’Cause my body
too bootylicious
for you, baby ♪
[crowd cheering]
That was, like,
a little too effortless.
-Woman: Right? Right?
-Like, you didn'’t even--
that was--
and I don'’t know
if you saw,
I'’m known for my assets.
Oh yes!
-Woman:
Look at that jelly!
-Yes, Chrissy!
-Woman 2:
Hey, hey, hey!
-[squeals]
Yes, queen, you better
with that jelly!
-Normani.
-LL.
Now first of all,
I just gotta tell you
the weave tap--
the weave tap
is hilarious.
-[cheering]
-That was so good.
I'’m sure y'all know
the struggle.
Break down the inspiration
for this madame vibe,
with the House of Booty.
-You know.
-I'’m a huge
Destiny'’s Child fan...
-[crowd cheering]
-LL: As we all are.
...and I have been
ever since I was a little girl,
and I just remember...
watching  Bootylicious
in my grandmother'’s living room,
and just like...
you know, and not being
able to stop.
Chrissy:
Shaking it as a young thing.
Normani:
And I just wanted
to pick something--
In front of my grandma.
My grandma twerks with me.
-It'’s fine.
Everybody-- you know.
-[laughter]
And... I just--
thank you,  Lip Sync,
for making my dream come true.
I got to be Beyoncé for a day.
-You know?
-All right, so, Normani,
head on over to the VIP.
-Chrissy: Woo! Woo!
-Take your time.
[cheering]
Normani ripped it,
now the gauntlet
has been laid.
Can other members
of Fifth Harmony
shut her down?
They'’re gonna have to,
'’cause she crushed it.
This is getting good,
you guys.
Come on back,
it'’s  LSB!
-LSB-B-B-B!
-Woo!
♪ I don'’t think you ready
for this jelly ♪
♪ '’Cause my body
too bootylicious
for you ♪
♪ Yeah! It takes two
to make a thing go right ♪
Lip Sync Battle returns,
and tonight we'’re
kicking things off
with the magnificent ladies
of Fifth Harmony.
Normani got it popping
with the House of Booty,
and now Lauren is amped
to hit the stage.
Let'’s check her out,
see how she plotted
to pull out all the stops.
[rock music plays]
I'’ve never done anything
like this before,
so I'’m really--
it'’s gonna be fun.
I picked my song because--
it was more about the person
than the song for me.
[hip-hop music plays]
-So, we have
shoes for you.
-Okay.
I'’m so excited
about the entire makeover,
like the hair,
the dress, the vibe.
Like, I just think
it'’s gonna be so cool.
I'’ve never done
anything like it. It'’s like
an impersonation moment.
I'’d hang the belt
up above my bed, yeah.
I would definitely have it
so that I could look at it
every morning and night
before I go to sleep,
to know that I was
the  Lip Sync Battle champion.
-Man: Nice.
-You understand?
-Man: Yeah, of course.
-It'’s prestigious.
[cheers, applause]
Amy Winehouse:
How are you tonight?
Are you all right?
[R&B music plays]
All right,
this is a, um--
all right, this is a--
this is a special song.
We'’ve got a runner.
♪ They tried
to make me go to rehab ♪
♪ I said, no, no, no ♪
♪ Yes, I been black ♪
♪ But when I come back,
you'’ll know, know, know ♪
♪ I ain'’t got the time ♪
♪ And if my daddy
thinks I'’m fine ♪
♪ He'’s tried
to make me
go to rehab ♪
♪ I won'’t go, go, go ♪
♪ I'’d rather be
at home with Ray ♪
♪ I ain'’t got seventy days ♪
♪ I'’m gonna,
I'’m gonna lose my baby ♪
♪ So I always keep
a bottle near ♪
♪ They tried to make me
go to rehab ♪
♪ But I said, no, no, no ♪
♪ Yes, I been black,
but when I come back ♪
♪ You'’ll know, know, know ♪
♪ I ain'’t got the time ♪
♪ And if my daddy
thinks I'’m fine ♪
♪ He'’s tried to make me
go to rehab ♪
♪ I won'’t go, go, go ♪
[music stops]
Thank you
for coming in tonight.
Have a good night.
[cheers, applause]
LL:Lauren!
Lauren!
That was honestly... beautiful.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you so much.
Oh my gosh. Guys.
I have no jokes.
Like, I was--
I  am still the biggest
Amy Winehouse fan.
Just beautiful music,
and you absolutely embody her
-and you really, like--
-Normani: You look like her.
-Chrissy: Look at you.
-She looks just like her.
Chrissy:
You look so good.
-Wow.
-So, Lauren,  LSB is
a music tribute show,
-as you know, of course.
-Uh-huh.
Tell us how it feels
to embody this artist
that meant so much to you.
I mean, Amy'’s just such
an incredible artist,
and I'’m honored
to have been able to do her
and to do a tribute to her...
-and vibe. I love it.
-[cheers, applause]
All right, so Lauren,
you can head over
to the VIP.
Take your time.
So, now it'’s Ally's chance
to turn the tables.
Let'’s see
how she worked
on a performance
that will swing the belt
in her direction.
[festive music plays]
-Hello.
-Yeah, I'’m great.
How are you?
Woman:
Can we do it
from the top-top?
-Ally: Yes, absolutely.
-Woman: Okay. Awesome.
These two artists are Latin,
and I'’m Hispanic.
I'’m Mexican-American.
I'’m paying homage
to my culture.
-[techno music plays]
-Woo!
Ally:
I'’m honoring the women
who paved the way
for artists like me
to be able to be
in this industry.
I'’m so excited to see
all the other girls'’ choices.
In my mind,
"Oh, I think Normani'’s
gonna do this.
"I think Lauren
is gonna do this song.
I think Dinah'’s totally
gonna come out with this."
But I like
a healthy competition.
Boom! I'’m gonna do that
to the girls. [laughs]
-[cheering]
-[Como la flor playing]
♪ Como la flor ♪
♪ Con tanto amor ♪
♪ Se marchitó ♪
♪ Ay, ay, ay ♪
♪ Cómo me duele ♪
[On The Floor plays]
♪ Let me introduce you
to my party people ♪
♪ In the club, huh ♪
♪ If you go hard,
you gotta get on the floor ♪
♪ If you'’re a party freak,
then step on the floor ♪
♪ If you'’re an animal,
then tear up the floor ♪
♪ Break a sweat
on the floor ♪
♪ Yeah, we work
♪ Don'’t stop,
keep it movin'’ ♪
-♪ Put your drinks up ♪
-♪ Woo! ♪
♪ Pick your body up
and drop it on the floor ♪
♪ Let the rhythm change
your world on the floor ♪
♪ You know we'’re running
tonight on the floor ♪
♪ Brazil, Morocco,
London to Ibiza ♪
♪ Straight to LA,
New York, Vegas to Africa ♪
♪ Dance the night away ♪
♪ Live your life
and stay young
on the floor ♪
♪ Dance the night way ♪
♪ Grab somebody,
drink a little more ♪
[vocalizing music]
♪ Tonight we gon'’ be it
on the floor ♪
[vocalizing music]
♪ Tonight we gon'’ be it
on the floor ♪
-[music stops]
-[crowd cheering]
-[cheering continues]
-[no discernible dialog]
-Okay, then.
-LL: Ally Brooke!
Yes, girl. Yes!
Huh-uh! It'’s like J.Lo
came back to our set!
-[crowd chanting]
Ally! Ally! Ally! Ally!
-That was dope.
-Ally! Ally! Ally!
-LL: That was dope.
-Chrissy: Oh my god.
-Can I-- thank you
so much, you guys.
-You'’re so amazing. Thank you.
-Chrissy: Woo!
-Can I get
the booty shake again?
-Ally: Yeah, sure.
-[crowd cheering]
-Chrissy: Ohh!
-Yeah.
-Just for you, Chrissy.
Just for you I can.
[giggles]
-Ally: Thank you so much.
-LL: What do those artists
mean to you,
-Selena and J.Lo?
-Well, I have been
so inspired
by them throughout
my entire life,
and Selena is
my favorite entertainer
of all time.
And also J.Lo
has inspired me
tremendously.
As an artist,
she'’s so phenomenal.
And I thought,
I wanna honor
my two incredible Latinas.
-[cheering]
-Okay, Ally,
you can salsa dance
your way on over to the VIP.
Ay, yi, yi.
This night has been filled
with two of my favorite things,
booties and beehives.
But it'’s not over!
Dinah gets her shot
at the belt next
and soon a champion
will be crowned.
This show is
absolutely bananas!
-It'’s  Lip Sync
Battle!
-Yeah!
[J.Lo vocalizing music]
-♪ Tonight we gon'’ be it
on the floor ♪
-♪ Woo! ♪
♪ Yeah! Woo! ♪
♪ It takes two to make
a thing go right ♪
Lip Sync Battle is back,
and there'’s a final performance
before we crown a champ.
Now, Dinah has been patiently
waiting in the wings,
and now she'’s
chartered her course
and is ready to fly high.
Let'’s check her out.
[rock music plays]
-Woo!
-Do you wanna jump in?
-Sure.
-Yeah. Right?
I'’m actually really confident
about this performance...
We'’re going all the way
Polynesian right now.
...because of my culture.
And it'’s just me
being proud of who I am.
Something Polynesian,
you just say,  "Ofa atu."
Say, "Love you."
Hi! You look beautiful.
-Thank you. You too.
-Mwah!
-Hi, this is Luna.
-I finally get to see her.
-This is Luna.
-Hi, Princess.
We'’re all very competitive,
but now that we'’re all going
against each other,
I'’m gonna win.
[crowd cheering]
[You'’re Welcome playing]
♪ Open your eyes,
let'’s begin ♪
♪ Yes, it'’s really me,
it'’s Maui, breathe it in ♪
♪ I know it'’s a lot,
the hair, the bod ♪
♪ When you'’re staring
at a demi-god ♪
♪ What can I say except
you'’re welcome ♪
♪ Ha! I guess
it'’s just my way
of being me ♪
♪ You'’re welcome,
you'’re welcome ♪
♪ Well, come to think of it ♪
♪ Kid, honestly
I can go on and on ♪
♪ I can explain
every natural phenomenon ♪
♪ The tide, the grass,
the ground ♪
♪ Oh, that was Maui
just messing around ♪
♪ I killed an eel,
I buried its guts ♪
♪ Sprouted a tree,
now you got coconuts ♪
♪ What'’s the lesson?
What is the take-away? ♪
♪ Don'’t mess with Maui
when he'’s on the break-away ♪
♪ And the tapestry
here on my skin ♪
♪ Is a map
of the victories I win ♪
♪ Look where I'’ve been,
I make everything happen ♪
♪ Look at that mini-Maui
just tippity-tappin'’ ♪
Ha! Ha! Ha!
Ha! Ha! Ha! Hey!
[rhythmic clapping]
[rumbling, hissing]
And thank you!
[cheering]
LL:
Dinah Jane!
Chrissy:
Yes!
-Oh my god.
-Woo!
So, Normani...
-What'’s up?
-Dinah had a lot
of elements happening,
-a lot of things happening.
-She really did.
-I was not
expecting any of it.
-[laughter]
-First the pig came out,
and I said, "huh?"
-[laughter]
But you look so good, girl.
Your muscles are all popping.
-They'’re on fleek.
-Normani: Yeah.
But which element
on stage was your favorite?
-What was your favorite part?
-There was one part
where the guys came out,
right, and she was all like...
-[cheering]
-Normani: I loved it.
You killed it.
-Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes!
-Well, you can just pop it, huh?
-Normani:
Your tongue!
-That tongue.
That tongue.
The tongue.
[laughs]
All right, Dinah,
you head on over to the VIP.
-[You'’re Welcome playing]
-You'’re welcome.
So, Fifth Harmony
had an epic battle,
but after the break,
it'’ll be time to decide
which one takes home
the  LSB belt.
When we come back,
it'’s  LSB.
♪ Hey!
So what can I say ♪
♪ Except
you'’re welcome ♪
♪ Yeah! Woo! ♪
♪ It takes two to make
a thing go right ♪
Welcome back
to  Lip Sync Battle!
Tonight it went down,
but the vibes remain harmonious.
And for that,
we have to thank
Normani, Lauren, Ally,
and Dinah of Fifth Harmony!
[cheering]
But remember,
there can only be one
Lip Sync Battle champion.
-Chrissy, let'’s do this!
-Chrissy: Let'’s do it!
-[rock music plays]
-Ladies and gentlemen,
for tonight only,
is the champ Normani?
[cheering]
What about... Lauren?
-Or is it Ally Brooke?
-[cheering]
Or... is the winner
-Dinah Jane?
-[cheering]
[crowd chanting]
Ally! Ally! Ally! Ally! Ally!
Ally! Ally! Ally!
Ally! Ally! Ally! Ally!
And the winner is...
Ally Brooke!
[cheering]
God, it-- it'’s so big!
-Thank you!
-First of all...
Let me just say
that all four of you were
absolutely amazing.
I wanna say something.
Hey, guys,
this is so amazing.
Thank you. I, like,
took the chance to honor
my-- my biggest inspirations
and my angels.
Selena, I love you.
But we are a team,
we are a family.
This belt'’s for all of us.
[cheering]
Congratulations
to tonight'’s winner,
and a big thanks
to the whole Fifth Harmony
for joining us
on  Lip Sync Battle.
Tonight was an amazing event.
Much love to the  Lip Sync
Nation here
and at home. One love
from me, LL Cool J,
and Chrissy Teigen.
And remember,
whatever you do in life,
"Knock '’em outta the box, L.
Knock '’em out, L!"
[J.Lo vocalizing music]
♪ Tonight we gon'’ be it
on the floor ♪
[J.Lo vocalizing music]
♪ Tonight we gon'’ be it
on the floor ♪
LL:  You guys
were fantastic tonight,
you were amazing.
♪ Tonight we gon'’ be it
on the floor ♪